All right and then for the allies
for the allies you also want to float those to the left and we're going to set a padding right of 15
and also padding left
and then we'll do water right which will be one pixel like gray solid.
All right.
Now we don't want the last one to have a border.
So what we'll do is we'll say sub nav light and then we'll use the pseudo class of the last child.
OK and then we'll just set border to zero.
So take a look at that.
OK that looks good.
Now the single page I think they put a class of page around it.
Take a look.
Single what's good to about.
OK.
And you know we have the class of page.
So I want to take that class and just add some padding
.
So do padding 20.
0.
OK.
And that should also be in effect for those single blog posts.
Yep.
The image here I want data to go 100 percent.
I think we did the class of Postum now.
So I want to set post thumbnail image with should be 100 percent.
All right so now let's do the metaclass.
I'm just going to paste this in K margin bottom fonts are going to be bold border top border bottom
and then some padding.
Let's add some margin to the bottom of that image as well.
And I'm actually going to just make sure that that class is only in effect on the page.
So it was a margin in the bottom 20 pixels shields to 25 and then set the height to Otto.
All right.
So now for this part here at the bottom there's quite a bit of markup as you saw.
OK so that is this area here we have all these boxed content.
So the mark this quite a bit of CSSA as well so I'm going to just paste that in Kerry so starts right
here.
Box content left a line we have boxed content left align and then the icon.
OK so if you want to just copy that or just get it from the project files we reload.
Now that looks pretty good right now.
The banner should also be on this page.
So let's grab that from the index
and put that in the About page right above the footer.
OK.
Now the
you know the image isn't showing up because we have that on the index each I'll page up here.
So what I'll do is copy that will also put that in the main stylesheet for now.
So go to air we have banner
that shows just grab that.
Put that
up.
We're going to fix the location.
It should be dot dot slash.
OK.
So the blog has it.
Let's see single post doesn't have it.
So we need to put it there as well.
That's right
.
And there we go.
OK.
So this is looking good.
The last thing we're going to do is add the enemy classes.
OK so we want this showcase to fade in.
Now if you want to see other classes you can go to anime don't see SS dot.
We're not exactly sure of the URL.
OK.
So it's this this you are all up here and you can see all the different effects here.
If you go to the good hub page it has all the documentation all the different effects and all that.
So what we want to do is go to index HDMI I'll go to our showcase just right here and we want to add
the class animated and then whatever the effect in this case it's going to be phased in and that's it
.
So off we go and reload you can see it fades and now it comes in kind of fast if you want to change
options you can actually do it in the stylesheet.
So if we go to where we have our showcase I think the default is 1 second.
So we're going to change it when we say animation duration and we're going to set that to two s
OK so that slows it down a little bit.
Now these Each side is going to come in from for instance this will come in from the left this will
come in from the right.
Same thing down here so what they do is go to our section A.
Inside of our index which is right here and we want to go to this this stive here and say animated.
And then when you say fade in left or right and then the other div which is this one here actually you
know what we want to put it on the image so on the image tag we want to add the class animated and fade
in what is right feed and right.
All right so let's check that out.
OK that looks good.
So the next one we're going to go to this class here.
Same thing and say animated fade in the left and then on the image class.
Fade in.
Right.
So you see how easy this is.
And you can do it to virtually any element on your site or application
.
And I did the wrong direction for the middle one section b c so Section B.
This one needs to be right and then this one should be left.
There we go.
All right.
So we want the same thing on the blog page.
So let's go to blog page here now
and add those classes section a
feed in the left.
It's going to copy that
.
This one will be feed in right at the top and then this one will be feed and left OK and then this last
one
.
All right.
Now on the About page we want this part to come in from the bottom and the side bar to come in from
the right.
So it's go to about in and.
We want this right here.
That's going to be phased in the bottom.
Well that and more.
Oh it's feeding up.
You want the direction it's coming in.
There we go.
And then for the side bar
which is right here we're going to attach to this well Div. and this will be feed in left field and
right
now
and then we go Christ.
Now we have our animations.
So that's it for the age template in the next video.
We're going to try to incorporate this into a WordPress theme